Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(bicycle bell dings)
(quiet chatter)
(bell tolling)
("Eyes Without a Face"
by Angel Olsen playing)
♪ I'm all out of hope ♪
♪ One more bad dream ♪
♪ Could bring a fall ♪
♪ When I'm far from home ♪
♪ Don't call me on the phone ♪
♪ To tell me you're alone ♪
♪ It's easy to deceive ♪
♪ It's easy to tease ♪
♪ But hard to get release ♪
♪ Les yeux sans visage ♪
♪ Eyes without a face ♪
♪ Got no human grace ♪
♪ You're eyes without a face. ♪
Feels like I'm signing
my life away.
No paint. no holes in the walls
and nothing can be suspended
from the ceiling.
Curtains?
You know. Thomas. the owners
don't rent to just anyone.
This is happening.
THOMAS:
Wait. Pippa. don't move.
Can you please take our picture?
Thank you.
- Hey.
- (Pippa laughs. squeals)
- (Thomas growls playfully)
- (camera clicks)
- (Thomas humming a tune)
- (Pippa laughing)
- Hey. turkey.
- Hey. chicken.
What's up?
Nothing much.
What's up with you?
So. we're really
gonna do this. huh?
- Seems that way. Yeah.
- Yeah.
- It's a big step.
- Huge step. Ooh.
It's really big. and if this
doesn't work out...
- Ooh. woof.
- It's gonna suck.
Maybe we should just
call it off now.
Oh. yeah. maybe just. like.
- quit while we're ahead? Yeah.
- Just-just. yeah.
- Nice meeting you. Yeah. ni...
- Nice-nice-nice talking to you.
I'll take half of my stuff.
And I will take the other half
of the stuff.
- Yep. That make sense?
- (laughs)
Babe...
this is our home.
I get to live here with you.
(woman clears throat)
You don't. (chuckles)
Not yet.
Right. Sorry. sorry.
(chuckles)
("Eugene" by Arlo Parks playing)
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I had a dream we kissed ♪
♪ And it was all amethyst ♪
♪ The underpart of your eyes
was violet... ♪
Oh. what is this?
- It's chlorophyll water.
- What?
Chlorophyll water.
It's the secret to a long life.
I will stick to
my gewürztraminer.
thank you very much.
Okay. well. stick to your
"ga-ga-bosh-bana-miner."
(laughs)
Okay. wait.
I know we just
moved in together.
but can we talk about kids?
- Kids?
- Yes.
Like. it's really important
that we have
- this conversation right now.
- Okay.
Can we...
not have kids
for at least four years?
- (Pippa laughs)
- Yes. Geez...
- Yeah?
- Yes. Hell yes.
- (laughs)
- Ugh.
- Hey. don't act so...
- You scared the shit out of me.
Wait. but seriously.
I was thinking about how
I basically spent my entire life
in school. right?
As long as I've known you.
Yeah. like. you spent
your early 20s
playing in some
shitty punk clubs
and doing God knows what.
Drugs.
And I spent mine in the corner
of some stuffy medical library
studying till 2:00 a.m.
- Right.
- So I don't want some
gooey toddler to come along
and just mess up
the last few years
of being rebellious.
Yeah. You know what.
I-I've been thinking about
rebellion. too. in my own way.
You're about to say
something stupid right now.
No. no. I...
Well. you might think
I'm un poco loco.
but I was thinking about
taking up the accordion.
No. Really?
What-what are you
talking about. then?
I want to wake up Sunday morning
with an awful hangover
that reminds me
of all the terrible decisions
I made the night before.
That is what I'm talking about.
I'm here for it.
Hey. you deserve it.
You deserve all the hangovers
in the world. Pippa.
- I do.
- You do.
- Yes. you do.
To making wonderful.
terrible decisions.
To wonderful.
Come here.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
(thunder rumbling)
THOMAS:
Oh. check out those two.
What is he. like.
a photographer or something?
PIPPA:
Looks like it.
Wow.
(chuckles)
You can see right in.
THOMAS:
It's a nice pla...
Oh. oh. kissy kissy.
(Pippa chuckles)
THOMAS:
Aw. they're in love.
PIPPA:
Mm. it's getting spicy.
(both laughing)
- PIPPA: Oh. Oh.
- THOMAS: Oh. that man is
taking off her clothes.
PIPPA:
Um. Thomas...
THOMAS:
That is happening.
- PIPPA: Thomas.
- What?
I don't think we should
spy on our neighbors.
No. we're not spying.
We're just...
looking outside our window.
and they happen to be
in our field of vision.
- Oh. oh. oh!
- PIPPA: O-Okay.
They have to know
that people can see in.
- THOMAS: Exactly.
- Like. they have to know that.
THOMAS:
Have to know. Have to know.
Is he about to do
what I think he's about to do?
PIPPA:
Yep.
THOMAS:
That is some good content.
Okay. Thomas. we're officially
being creepy weirdos.
- Don't you agree?
- No.
What? They-they want us to look.
But we'll stop
because you want me to.
Thank you.
- It's our first night.
- Right. right.
Let's give our new neighbors
some privacy.
Oh. they're fucking now. Okay.
Thomas. come on. perv.
Okay. okay. okay.
Go get it.
Go get it. boy.
♪ ♪
So...
I got you a little...
- Thomas?
- (snoring quietly)
Babe?
(singsongy):
Thomas.
(whispers):
Sex.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
ARI: So. congratulations
are in order.
- PIPPA (chuckling): What'd I do?
- ARI: You. nothing.
Me. I'm on day three
of a social media blackout.
No Insta. no Twitter.
Joni and I pledged
to go an entire month.
- PIPPA: Mazel tov. Ari.
- Mm-hmm.
I just read that couples
who decrease
their amount of screen time
can double or triple the amount
of sex they have a month.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Uh. but what do they look at
when they masturbate?
Oh. my God.
how is cohabitation going?
(chuckles) The weirdest thing
happened last night.
-This couple. our neighbors
across the way. -Mm-hmm.
They were totally doing it.
and we could see right in.
ARI:
Oof magoof. How ugly were they?
PIPPA: They're not.
They were. like. gorgeous.
- (elevator bell dings)
- ARI: So.
you pulled up a chair.
popped some popcorn.
broke out the binoculars?
- No.
- Why not?
Just because someone is
allegedly allowing you
to look in on their lives
doesn't mean it's okay to watch.
Hmm. Mm. you are 1.000% wrong
about that.
It is entirely acceptable
to look.
I mean. it sounds like
they're exhibitionists.
(chuckles) Doubtful.
If they are exhibitionists.
then watching them...
It's. like. the polite thing
to do. Pippa.
I'll see you at lunch.
So long. creep.
PIPPA: You're gonna see
so much better after this.
Just relax. okay?
I've done 40 of these a week
for the past 20 years.
and well over half of them
have gone right.
(chuckles)
Just kidding. of course.
Cannula. please.
20 years.
Yeah. and I'm still trying
to figure out
what I want to be
when I grow up.
- (chuckles)
- (device beeping)
Okay.
In three. two.
- and...
- (device beeping rapidly)
(beeping stops. device whirs)
Bonjour. Hi.
This is Pippa from L'optique.
- Your glasses are ready.
- DR. SATO: Pippa?
Uh. we're open till 6:00.
You're welcome. Bye.
What is this?
DR. SATO: So. in Japan.
birds are described as
"two eyes with wings."
and for good reason.
Their acuity is so strong
that from the top
of an eight-story building
they can pick out a single ant
crawling on the sidewalk below.
(chuckles):
Uh-huh.
Why are you telling her this?
Well. it's a little
housewarming present.
- (Dr. Sato laughs)
- Oh.
♪ ♪
DR. SATO:
When you see birds
drinking from this
outside your window.
let it be a little reminder
of how imperfect
our own species' vision is.
You and I.
all we're doing here
is making it slightly better.
PIPPA (chuckling):
Thank you.
I want a present.
(door opens)
Hey. babe.
- Hi.
- Voilà.
Thomas. this is so cute.
THOMAS: We kind of look
like Bert and Ernie.
What's going on with our
friendly next-door neighbors?
(scoffs) Really?
This is gonna be a thing?
THOMAS:
Look. They're just like us.
PIPPA (laughs):
They're nothing like us.
They're way cooler.
Yeah.
Hey. stop being so obvious.
- Oh. okay. Secret time.
- Ooh.
Ooh.
(both chuckling)
How do we become their friends?
You want to become BFFs
with the neighbors
- we now seem to be stalking?
- Yeah. Why not?
I bet that sake he's drinking
is top-shelf.
He could pour me some.
and I could pretend
to know the difference.
And then she could show you
all the cute boutiques
to shop at in the neighborhood.
Yeah. 'cause all girls do
is shop.
Okay. fine. I'll-I'll learn
about the boutiques. then.
- Shit.
- (both laugh)
What are their names?
PIPPA:
Uh. she's definitely a Margot.
THOMAS: Oh. yeah. of course.
She's clearly a Margot.
PIPPA:
And that's... Brent.
THOMAS (chuckles):
Well. maybe Brent can also
tell me how to sculpt
my body hair.
Caught a glimpse
of his pubes yesterday.
They were exquisitely manscaped.
Would you ever want me
to do that?
PIPPA:
Shave your pubes?
- THOMAS: Yeah.
- PIPPA: No.
W-Wouldn't they grow back
prickly or something?
THOMAS (chuckles):
"Prickly."
PIPPA:
Wait.
Is... is he choking?
Oh. shit.
- That guy can't breathe.
- PIPPA: I know.
- THOMAS: And she can't see him.
- I-I know. What do we do?
- THOMAS: Okay. here we go.
- Oh. Good. good. good. Yes.
- N-No. no.
- THOMAS: No! Go to the kitchen!
The kitchen!
Take off your headphones.
girlfriend!
Ugh. my...
This is. like. an emergency.
Okay. uh. I-I should...
call 911?
No. you're... they're not gonna
get there fast enough.
- You need to go over there.
- Okay. but then they'll know
that we were spying.
Yeah. but then
he won't be dead. Go!
Shit. Okay. right. Shit.
- I have to go over there?
- Go!
Okay. Yeah. yeah.
All right. all right.
PIPPA: Wait! Thomas. come back.
come back. come back.
What? What?
- PIPPA: No. not like that.
- No. no. no.
THOMAS: What are you doing?
No. no. no. no.
- No. Come on. Harder. harder. harder.
- No! What is she doing?
- PIPPA: Oh. come on.
- Come on. What are you doing?
- Oh. look!
- Come on!
- Look!
- Like this!
- THOMAS: Yeah! Yeah. go!
- Yeah! That's right!
- PIPPA: You got this. girl!
- Go. go. go! Go. go. go. go!
- Push. push. push. push.
- Come on. You got this!
- There you go. There you go.
- You got this!
THOMAS: There you go.
There you go. There you go.
- Yeah! Yes!
- Oh. my gosh!
- (whooping)
- Yeah!
- We did it!
- (laughing)
PIPPA:
Oh. my God. we did it.
- THOMAS: We did. Oh. my God.
- We did it.
- (Thomas laughs)
- (Pippa groans)
PIPPA: He just spit up
a spicy tuna roll.
Kinky.
- Ew. No. ew! Ew!
- Ooh...
♪ ♪
(distant siren wailing)
(gasps softly)
(gasps)
(clangs)
(electronic beat plays)
(song continues to play)
(thunder rumbles)
(music stops)
♪ ♪
So. this might be
a little problematic.
Why? They know
we can see in. so why not?
Wait.
(singsongy):
Somebody's got some company.
THOMAS: I think this guy's
pretty successful.
PIPPA: Yeah. he doesn't
do commercials. (laughs)
THOMAS:
That's a sore spot. baby.
- PIPPA: Sorry.
- (Thomas chuckling)
PIPPA:
Ooh.
THOMAS: Oh. I think
she was there this afternoon.
- Can I take a look?
- Yeah.
- Wow. These get so close.
- PIPPA: I know. right?
- They were only a hundred bucks.
- Only? Did you negotiate?
PIPPA:
No. Should I have?
Yeah. you probably
could've got 'em for 50.
Man.
THOMAS: Fun fact... this guy
touched her butt earlier.
(Pippa laughs)
PIPPA:
Oh. what's he doing?
THOMAS:
Impromptu photo shoot?
Here.
PIPPA (Italian accent):
It's-a me. Mario.
(Thomas and Pippa laughing)
PIPPA (normal accent):
I like her overalls. though.
- Oh. sh... Whoa.
- THOMAS: What's happening?
- PIPPA: What just happened?
- What's happening?
THOMAS:
"Hello. world. I do push-ups."
Yeah. me too. bub. sometimes.
PIPPA:
Uh. whoa. whoa.
THOMAS: "Take off your shirt.
That's what friends do."
PIPPA:
"Best friends?"
THOMAS: "Yeah.
we're best friends forever."
PIPPA:
"Aw."
- "Take off your clothes."
- "Okay."
(both laughing)
PIPPA:
Whoa. this is so sus.
THOMAS:
He's buttering her up.
- PIPPA: Ooh. Clink!
- THOMAS: Clink.
THOMAS:
Hey-yo. Boobs.
- Stop.
- Boobs. babe. There's boobs.
PIPPA:
Do you think she wants it?
THOMAS:
I don't know.
Oh. I think she wants it.
What if Margot comes home?
THOMAS:
I know. I know.
Are we bad people
for watching this?
No.
THOMAS: This guy gets
a lot of action.
PIPPA:
Hmm.
Here. Keep watching.
(chuckles):
Okay.
(laughing):
What are you doing?
Taking your shirt off. babe.
Oh. sorry. (laughs)
(clears throat)
- Pippa.
- Take it off.
And now what?
Keep watching.
THOMAS:
Okay.
(belt buckle clinks)
(pants unzip)
(laughs)
- What are they doing?
- Um...
He's kissing her neck and...
What are we doing?
(laughs) That's so crazy.
- Come on. Pay attention.
- This is crazy.
Pay attention.
Um... okay.
He. uh...
(Thomas grunts. chuckles)
PIPPA:
Yeah? (kisses)
(Thomas grunts)
- (Thomas grunts)
- PIPPA: Yeah?
- (grunts)
- (Pippa chuckles)
My turn.
- Come on. take 'em off.
- Yes. ma'am.
♪ ♪
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- (gasps softly)
- (Thomas grunting. panting)
I love you.
Love you. too.
Um. can you go a little faster?
Yeah. Sure.
Um. a little harder.
- THOMAS: Like that?
- Yeah.
(Thomas grunting)
I think I'm gonna...
PIPPA: C-Can you...
can you just hold it?
Yeah. Yeah. I'll try.
PIPPA:
Just slow down if you have to.
No. I'm gonna...
(Thomas grunts)
(Thomas grunting)
(Thomas panting)
(laughing):
I'm sorry.
(laughing): It's okay.
Why are you apologizing?
That was faster than usual.
It was great.
I mean. we've just never
done that before.
- It was hot.
- (chuckles)
All right. I'm gonna
get you a washcloth.
- Love you.
- Love you. too.
(door opens)
(distant siren wailing)
(sighs softly)
♪ ♪
JONI:
I mean...
(chuckles)
it's totally obvious.
Margot is Brent's wife.
serious girlfriend or whatever.
And while she was out of town.
Brent got thirsty
and straight-up cheated on her.
- That's my theory. too.
- ARI: Uh. okay.
How can we be so sure?
I mean. maybe they're just.
like. in an open relationship
or something.
No. (chuckles)
Or maybe you're projecting
your feelings
about monogamy onto them?
- But what are the odds of that. though?
- What?
That they're swingers or...
Do people use the word
"swinger" anymore?
Siri. what percentage of couples
are in an open relationship?
You think Siri can answer
that question?
SIRI: Blumstein and Schwartz
found that 15%
of married couples share
an agreement
that allows
for extramarital sex.
15%?
I'm legit impressed.
And that's an average.
I'm assuming.
I bet that within
the greater metropolitan area
it's. like. way higher.
I mean. this place is fuck city.
(laughter)
But poor Margot.
- Yes. It's so wrong.
- Yeah. Poor Margot. -Poor Margot.
I just wish we could hear what
they were saying to each other.
Huh.
- Huh.
- JONI: Brother.
THOMAS:
Hmm. Sibling.
What?
Nothing.
Joni. you just said. "Huh."
Like. "Huh. I just had a thought
that would be relevant
to this conversation."
So...
Okay.
When Tommy and I
were in college.
he used to have this huge crush
on this super cute lit major
named Kylie.
All these dorks wanted
to get with her.
but none of them
had the balls to.
you know. actually talk to her.
- (chuckles)
- Please continue.
One night. I went over
to smoke weed
and watch Deep Blue Sea...
- As one does.
- ...and I discover
they figured out how
to jerry-rig a laser pointer
into a long-range microphone
so that we could all
low-key listen in
on Kylie's private conversations
in hopes that she would
miraculously be confessing
- her love for one of them.
- Mon Dieu.
- You were an accomplice to this?
- No.
- Maybe. -Uh-huh.
- JONI: Okay. it was his idea.
and he masterminded
the whole thing
after watching a tutorial
on YouTube.
What happened?
- Nothing. Uh. it was...
- Uh. we turned it on.
- No.
- And...
the instant we got a signal.
everybody was crushed
because. from the moaning
and the giggling.
it became immediately apparent
that Kylie and her roommate
were having a naked tickle party
with Seth Gildenstein.
- Gildenstein?
- It's Gildensteen. yeah.
Kylie was in the 15%.
But a trivia note
on Seth Gildensteen...
Never was he seen
in a pair of shoes.
- Sorry. what?
- Like. he only ever wore Rollerblades.
Yeah. and still
somehow got laid.
Laid a lot.
Enough about Seth's choice
of footwear.
How does this
laser pointer thingy work?
THOMAS:
Okay. class.
Large picture windows
just like this one.
when you make a noise.
they vibrate.
Like. right now.
this is vibrating
from the sound of my voice.
So. if you shine
a laser through it.
what do you think happens
to the beam?
It also vibrates.
Gold star for you. Exactly.
The little dot of the laser
wiggles from the vibrations.
And if you can capture
the pattern of the wiggling.
you can translate that into
waveforms you can actually hear.
Why haven't we done this yet?
Well. Pippa.
it's probably illegal.
and B. we can't.
I mean. if we shine a laser
into their apartment.
it terminates.
There's no way to capture
the vibrations
from across the street.
In order to do that. we'd have
to bounce the beam back here.
Wait. what?
Unless we sneak
into Brent's studio
and perfectly place a mirror
behind his window.
we're out of luck.
There's a satyr
in their apartment.
What?
You know. a satyr.
The Roman fertility spirit.
Look.
♪ ♪
I have a bad idea.
THOMAS: I cannot believe
we're doing this right now.
This is exactly
what I'm talking about.
Future us is gonna be
so impressed.
Yeah. well. present-tense me
is freaking the fuck out.
- Present-tense you is also sober.
- True.
PIPPA: What's the worst thing
that could happen?
♪ ♪
("I Can Only Stare"
by Sleigh Bells playing)
(lively chatter)
♪ I can only stare
into the field for so long... ♪
PIPPA:
Oh. um...
- PIPPA: Uh. uh...
- Yo!
- Thomas!
Hey. bro.
- Thomas.
- Bro! Bro.
- (Pippa grunts)
- THOMAS: Hey.
♪ Watching you from the chair ♪
♪ Dragging a brush
through your hair ♪
♪ You're just right over there ♪
(Pippa stammers)
♪ You know I'm grieving.
giving off heat. oh ♪
♪ Cross my heart. hope to die ♪
♪ You and I. you and I... ♪
(soft groan)
♪ Till there's nothing left ♪
♪ But carbon dioxide ♪
♪ Why won't you let me
come over ♪
♪ And do what you want me to? ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh.
I can only stare ♪
- ♪ I can only stare ♪
- ♪ You see ♪
♪ It's pulling my heart down.
it's pulling my heart down ♪
♪ I can only stare ♪
- ♪ I can only stare ♪
- ♪ You see ♪
♪ It's pulling my heart down.
it's pulling my heart down ♪
- (camera clicking)
- ♪ I'd like to go back there ♪
♪ But I can. I can only stare ♪
♪ I can only. ♪
What the fuck was all that?
("Waiting" by Klyne playing)
♪ I'll be waiting ♪
♪ For your loving ♪
♪ For your loving... ♪
To wonderful.
terrible decisions.
To wonderful. terrible
decisions.
Clink.
(both laughing)
(clinks)
- Is it chipped?
- No. you're good. You're good.
("Secret in the Dark" by Monika
playing)
(toilet flushing)
(stifled laugh)
What...?
♪ There's a secret
in the dark... ♪
THOMAS: So. yeah. I was doing
the band thing for a while.
- Now I switched to commercials.
- WOMAN: Yeah. yeah.
THOMAS:
More stable pay.
Well. what was
the name of your band?
Um. we were actually
called Stress.
- Stress. I love that.
- Mm-hmm.
Sorry. I got to stretch
a little bit.
(conversation continues
indistinctly)
♪ Blind visions ♪
♪ And no reasons for action ♪
♪ Blind words. blind visions ♪
♪ And no reasons... ♪
Hey.
MAN:
Nice costume!
Straight fire. Margot.
How's everyone doing over here?
Can I get a hit of that?
Thanks. Zorro.
♪ Blind visions ♪
♪ Blind center. one center... ♪
Well. make yourselves at home.
Su casa. mi casa.
♪ Blind hell. blind hell... ♪
PIPPA: She could have dressed
as any of the Tenenbaums.
but no... Margot.
So. how did we do. chicken?
Mission accomplished.
Yes. that's what I like to hear.
♪ ♪
All right. Ready?
Copy.
THOMAS:
Okay.
So. you're looking
for a little green dot.
Tell me to move it up
or down or whatever.
PIPPA:
I don't see it.
THOMAS:
Well. it's there somewhere.
PIPPA:
I know. but I don't see it.
(gasps) Turn it off.
turn it off. turn it off!
THOMAS:
What?
A second longer.
they were gonna think
they were gonna
get assassinated.
(laughing):
Okay. Start lower.
Okay. okay.
PIPPA:
Okay. go right.
A little more... and stop.
Stop. stop. And now go up.
A little higher.
A little more. and stop.
Mwah.
Now what?
Now we hope that
the angle of the mirror
bounced it back here somewhere.
This isn't the most scientific
of methods.
Hold on.
Aw.
(gasps)
I am so impressed right now.
(Pippa giggles. yelps excitedly)
(static droning)
Man.
Wait. wait. Wait.
(distorted chatter over speaker)
They sound like the teachers
from Charlie Brown.
- Wah-wah. wah-wah. wah.
- Wah-wah.
Wah-wah-wah. wah-wah-wah.
(static droning)
(distorted chatter continues)
MARGOT (over speaker): So if I'm
feeling upset about something.
- I should just hide it?
- (Pippa gasps)
- THOMAS: Yes! (chuckles)
- (Pippa squeals excitedly)
MARGOT: I saw you go into
the bathroom with some woman.
BRENT: Oh. you've got to
be kidding me.
MARGOT:
In front of everybody.
Are you fucking stupid?
Did you think people
can't see you?
Did you? Hello! Hi!
I can't keep having
this conversation.
Okay. all right. fine.
you really want to do it now?
- Yeah.
- Tell me the truth.
Do you still love me?
Oh. fuck you. What?
Do you?
How-how... I'm sorry.
How are you getting that
from this?
Do you still love me?
Don't do this to me.
Don't do that.
(chuckles) Don't do that.
Look. I think... I think
you-you want to leave me
but you-you haven't got
the fucking balls to do it.
so you come up with
all these ridiculous excuses
just to try and make it
my fault and not yours.
No. No. no. no. I saw you.
BRENT: You know. I...
we're to the point
I shouldn't even
have to explain myself.
You're supposed to trust me.
You really think that I would
fuck someone in our apartment?
- Is that what you think of me?
- I-I thought...
- I saw you.
- You thought what?
You know. I get it. I get it.
You're insecure about my work.
I get it. That makes sense.
Okay. you've told me
a hundred times.
But without my work.
who's gonna pay for all this?
- Are you? Huh?
- That's not fair.
Your income gonna support us?
I mean. if you get...
if we get divorced.
don't know what you're gonna do.
Whoa. whoa. I...
I don't want a divorce.
I-I... No.
(chuckles. sighs)
At a certain point. I have to
start thinking about it. Jules.
- I'm trying my best here.
- I sorry. Seb. Sorry.
I'm really trying. but what...
what else can I do?
How long am I supposed to put up
with this?
I'm sorry.
If you're sorry. you'd change.
I will. I will.
Will you? Don't. Will you?
Huh? Will you?
- Will you change?
- Yes.
- You will?
Okay. so did I fuck
someone tonight?
- No. No.
- No?
Did-did...
Was someone sucking my cock?
- No.
- No. they weren't.
- Do you still love me?
- Yes.
Then stop acting
like such a fucking cunt!
I'm tired.
(crying. panting)
(static buzzing)
(groans softly)
- (door opens)
- (footsteps approach)
- You okay?
- Yeah. I just...
I think I'm coming down
with something.
Yeah.
There's a nasty hangover going
through Montreal right now.
(indistinct conversation)
♪ ♪
- (phone beeps)
- ARI: Hey. pip-squeak?
- Can you come here for a sec?
- (phone clicks)
PIPPA:
Hello. Uh...
How may I help you?
(chuckles)
Hi. I'm just looking
for some new glasses.
Pippa is the best
at picking out frames.
- (chuckles)
- MARGOT: Really?
- Did you bring your prescription?
- No.
I actually haven't had my eyes
checked in. like. a few years.
It might've changed.
Pippa. you could squeeze her in
before your 2:30. right?
Uh. an eye exam?
MARGOT:
Oh. that would be great.
- Uh. sure. Yeah.
- Thank you.
Um. I'm Julia. by the way.
Pippa.
- Nice to meet you.
I. F. O.
Z. uh...
oh. P?
Oh. could be another F?
I can't tell. (chuckles)
Uh. here.
(device clicks)
A... or B?
Um. can I see that again?
They look exactly
the same to me. (laughs)
Is that okay?
Uh...
You have terrible vision.
But...
most people's vision sucks.
It's how I have a job.
I'm gonna look at
the surface of your eye
to see if there's
any imperfections.
- Okay.
- So just put your chin...
- right there.
- Mm-hmm.
PIPPA: You're gonna see
a bright light for a second.
Okay. I'm gonna come in
closer now.
(dial clicking)
Okay.
Look up.
Left.
Good.
Right.
Once again.
I'm so indecisive.
What do you think?
Well. those are
definitely more...
"sexy librarian."
(both laugh)
- Sexy librarian?
- Yeah. like...
"Meet me in the stacks. big boy.
Let's read the latest
Emma Straub novel together."
Where these.
they're more "femme fatale."
Like...
"I'm gonna bang Doogie Howser.
then slit his throat."
(laughing):
Oh. my God.
Do you think
I can pull these off?
Course you can.
The great thing
about new glasses is
you get to decide
who you want to be.
Well. okay.
These ones remind me
of my barista.
So...
I guess...
I am the femme fatale.
I think you might be.
They really are so you.
Hey. um. this might
sound weird...
Maybe this is awkward.
Um. would you ever want to get
a cup of coffee sometime
or something?
Is that weird?
No.
Are you sure?
No. I'd... I'd love that.
I mean. I know we just met.
but you seem cool.
Thank you.
Well. uh.
can I have your number?
Yeah. My cell.
Awesome. Um. well.
some friends of mine
opened a spa this weekend.
Maybe we could
check that out or something?
- I'll call you.
- Yeah.
- That-that sounds amazing.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- Bye. (laughs)
Mom. what's wrong?
(sighs)
(upbeat jingle playing)
- (jingle ends)
- (computer beeping)
NARRATOR (over computer):
Whether it's your birthday.
anniversary or any old Tuesday.
there's always
a reason to celebrate.
So don't let E.D.
ruin your party.
Ask your doctor if your heart
is healthy enough for...
- (button clicks)
- (video stops)
(static droning)
BRENT: Can you put
your fingers around the frame?
It's your frame.
It's not a prop.
You own it. okay?
I mean. I'd love
to go down on you.
THOMAS:
What? What did he just say?
BRENT: Okay. try this.
Put your arms up at the top.
That's it. Hold it.
You earned it. Come on.
THOMAS: "Oh. we just both
have our shirts off.
And everything is fine
and completely professional."
BRENT:
Ever since you walked in here.
I've been wondering
what you taste like.
THOMAS:
Oh. geez Louise.
- Can you take it down a notch?
- BRENT: Okay.
(laughs) Got it.
See? Look at your face.
- It's a trap.
- You're genuinely shocked.
I thought you were
being serious.
I was.
THOMAS:
No. No. no. no. no. no.
Too touchy.
Get your big-ass necklace
and get out of there. girl.
BRENT:
There's no extra charge for it.
You usually charge?
Oh. yeah. usually.
it's an extra 200 bucks...
The cunnilingus fee...
But I'll waive it for you.
- THOMAS: Oh. my God.
- (model laughing)
Well. I appreciate that.
Look. come on. What's the issue?
- Come on. bruh.
- MODEL: I'm not gonna...
Look. you can go sit
on the metro
and wonder what it would've
been like if you stayed.
or you can stay for 30 minutes.
and I'll make you come harder
than you ever thought possible.
THOMAS:
What? What? I...
This can't actually work.
- Okay.
- THOMAS: Ugh.
All right.
(model moaning)
- BRENT: Feels good. right?
- MODEL: Yeah.
What?
Uh-huh.
- What? What?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
- Shut up.
- I know!
- What?
Did you talk to her?
If. by "her." you mean Julia.
then yeah.
Julia?
But. dude. I know what the
inside of her oculus looks like.
Of all the eye clinics
in the world...
She walks into mine.
And what's even crazier.
we totally hit it off
and we're gonna hang out
this weekend.
- This is crazy!
- To be honest.
I think that
she just needs a friend.
Someone to talk to about her
super unhealthy relationship.
Uh. y-yeah. I saw him today.
He-he kind of took advantage
of this girl.
What? He screwed someone
while she was with me?
Uh. technically oral.
but it was not cool. so...
I don't know. I-I was thinking.
and I think maybe
this isn't good for us.
- (toilet flushes)
- PIPPA: Yeah. I agree.
It felt weird not telling her.
Yeah. but it-it feels weird
to be spying
on our neighbors. right?
I mean. sneaking around.
keeping our lights off
so they don't see us.
You're not really seeing her
this weekend. are you?
If I was cheating on you.
wouldn't you want to know?
I don't know that I would.
I don't love that you keep going
to these hypothetical places.
But it's not hypothetical here.
That asshole is being
totally unfaithful.
and we know that. so now I have
the moral responsibility
to do the right thing.
Okay. hey. hey. hey. Hey.
Chicken. Babe.
When we decided
to move in together.
I-I was excited about
you and me taking this step.
I get that you're trying
to do the right thing...
I-I-I get it...
But let's get back to us.
Maybe I-I could just
tell her this weekend.
(sighs)
Am I not enough for you?
I promise I will rip
the Band-Aid off and be done.
You're not listening.
Maybe it'll give her
the confidence she need...
Where are you going?
- I'm going to get a drink.
- But we were just...
Pippa. she doesn't need
to be saved.
She doesn't need
to be saved by you.
This is straight-up
none of your business.
Thomas.
(Thomas sighs)
JULIA (over speaker):
Hello.
Hello. (sighs)
Baby. I'm talking to you.
BRENT:
Yeah?
JULIA:
Hmm? Hmm?
(chuckles)
I was feeling gloomy all day
because of our little spat
last night.
And...
I really didn't mean it.
I was kind of hoping
I could make it up to you.
- Baby.
- Mm-hmm?
Um...
- Just...
- Just relax. will you?
BRENT:
Okay. I am... I am relaxed.
- JULIA: You're not relaxed.
- I'm just... I am relaxed.
- JULIA: Mm-mm.
- I'm just not really
in the mood for it. okay?
Are you sure
I can't convince you?
We can do birthday-only stuff.
Hey. you're really sweet.
It's just...
just not tonight. okay?
I forgive you for yesterday.
I do.
(scoffs)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
(quiet chatter)
Pippa. Pippa.
(chuckling):
Hi. Hi.
Mwah. Mwah.
Oh. my God. I so need this.
Kind of had a rough week.
Let's go.
JULIA: You seem
to really love your job.
PIPPA:
I do. I... I don't know.
I-I had the realization
the other day that...
I really like ophthalmology.
Like. it just. it makes sense
to my brain.
- You're really good at it.
- (laughs)
Thank you.
But I'm gonna be doing it
for the rest of my life.
And I've finally achieved
the one thing
that I've worked
years and years to do.
and in the process.
I kind of killed off
all possibilities
of something else.
- Yeah.
- It's like when you're
so obsessed with something
that you forget
to pick your head up
and look around and go.
"Oh. wait.
What am I even doing?"
But you're too far down
the rabbit hole.
Yeah.
I have the opposite problem
as you.
PIPPA:
What do you do?
I'm kind of trying
to figure that out.
I was a...
I was a model.
(chuckles) Oh. my God.
I say that like
I'm embarrassed about it.
Um. I was a model.
but I'm not anymore.
What do you mean?
It's complicated. (sighs)
I guess it's hard to find
deeper meaning in your work
when your job is to force up
a smile every day
for the world to decide
whether you're sexy enough.
I mean. even though you feel
numb and objectified.
you're addicted because
your sense of self-worth
is all wrapped up in it.
I decided that
my second nervous breakdown
would be my last.
I walked away.
Now I'm looking at the rest
of my life. and I'm so lost.
- (chuckles softly)
- But...
you could do anything.
What's holding you back?
Honestly. myself.
I have like 8.000 interests
and zero skills.
(laughs)
Come on. that's not true.
Seriously. I...
I didn't go to college.
I can barely type.
I just bought
this wireless printer.
and it took me literally forever
to figure out how it works.
Yeah. well. on the plus side.
you don't have
any student loans.
On the minus side.
I don't have a career.
My husband. he got me this job
working at this. like.
fancy-pants photo studio.
And it's cool.
I get to travel around
for gallery openings and such.
and it's-it's neat.
but it's not my raison d'être.
(quiet chatter)
This feels so nice.
What are you waiting for?
PIPPA:
So. your husband. what's he do?
Oh. His name's Sebastian.
Well. Seb.
Seb.
He's a photographer.
Like. a real one. (chuckles)
Kind of a name
in that world. actually.
- (chuckles)
- He's a genius.
I mean. I know people throw
that word around a lot.
but he really is one.
Did you guys meet through work?
We... might've slept together
after a shoot.
- (chuckles)
- Usually when that would happen.
I was just another exotic flavor
for them to try. but...
Seb. he loves me.
He sounds like a catch.
Oh. and he's. like.
incredible in bed. so...
(laughs)
Oh. must be all
sunshine and roses. then. huh?
Yeah...
I mean. he's an artist.
so he's...
eccentric.
Um. that comes with
a certain baggage.
But without him. I...
don't know what I'd do
with my life.
He's all I've got.
Are you okay. Margot?
Who's Margot?
Julia. (laughs)
I'm so sorry.
I know your name.
(laughing):
Margot. That is so funny.
'cause. like.
I just had this Hallow...
Anyway. my husband is just
a complex individual is all.
You should meet him sometime.
- Yeah. (chuckles)
- Yeah.
PIPPA:
Yeah. I will. Thank you.
Bye.
See you.
♪ ♪
SEB:
No peeking.
Aw.
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(women laughing)
(door closes)
♪ ♪
(static buzzing quietly)
(printer whirring)
(breath trembles softly)
(typing)
(breath shudders)
(mouse clicks)
(printer whirring)
(cork pops. drink pouring)
(shuddering breaths)
(printer whirring)
(whirring stops)
- Jules.
- (gasps)
- What are you doing up?
- JULIA: Uh. reading.
That new book I mentioned.
- Must be engrossing.
- Yeah.
Yeah. What are you doing up?
- Just getting some water.
- THOMAS: Pippa!
- Thomas.
- What are you doing?
No. no. don't.
Thom...
You-you don't understand.
I thought we were done
with this.
- I'm really worried.
- Worried about what?
SEB (over speaker):
Think I must've eaten something
that didn't agree with me.
Don't stay up too late.
- Good night.
- JULIA: Oh. good night.
Yeah. I'm real worried. too.
Why are you acting
so ridiculous?
What did you do?
- Pippa. what did you do?
- No. shh!
You told her.
Thomas. I had to.
(crying)
(whimpering)
THOMAS:
Look at her.
- Look at her!
- I know you think this is wrong.
It is wrong.
I couldn't just
sit back and watch.
You didn't need to watch. Pippa.
We both decided to peer in
on them. We both did that.
So it's not my fault
that we discovered this.
Wait. What is she doing?
It was your idea
in the first place.
Pippa. give me those.
What? (sighs)
(Pippa gasps)
PIPPA:
Oh. my God.
THOMAS:
Is she...
Thomas. what...
what-what do we do?
Jesus. are we gonna watch
this woman stab this man?
- I'm calling the cops.
- No.
No. you-you can't call the cops.
I'm calling the cops.
We're about to watch
a murder that you instigated.
I didn't tell her
to kill anyone.
- Don't call the police.
- Then what do we do. Pippa?
I don't know!
(shuddering breaths)
(Thomas and Pippa gasp)
(sighs heavily)
(knife clatters on floor)
(shudders. sniffles)
(Julia sighs. sniffles)
(Julia breathing heavily)
(sighs)
(binoculars clatter on floor)
Fuck!
I wish we had another room.
(twittering)
(sniffs. sighs)
Say when.
PIPPA:
When.
Thomas.
Yeah.
You have every right
in the world to be mad at me.
I am.
I'm-I'm disappointed. you know?
Yeah.
I know.
I want to know
that I can trust you.
You can.
I want to feel like
I'm enough for you.
You are.
I'm done.
I will throw away
the binoculars.
I... I will not see her again.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
(sighs)
Can I get a hug?
Yeah.
(sniffles) I love you.
I love you. too.
No.
THOMAS:
What?
No.
- What are you doing?
- No. no. no. no.
(Pippa gasps)
(Pippa gasping)
PIPPA:
Oh. my...
No.
(gasps)
Wh-What do. what do we.
what do we do?
♪ ♪
(quietly):
Thomas.
(gasps)
Uh...
- I have to go.
- Wait. What?
- I can't be here.
- Where are you going?
I don't know. Maybe I'll stay
with my sisters.
I just can't be here.
Th-Th-Thomas. you can't go.
- No.
- Thomas. no. please. you can't.
- I need you right now.
- No. no.
- I-I can't be with you.
- Thomas. wait!
I told you we needed
to stop. but no.
you and your goddamn sense
of self-righteousness
- had to go and do that.
- Thomas. I...
(crying): Thomas. I'm really
scared. and I need you.
Please don't go.
I-I love you.
If you loved me.
you would've listened to me.
How was I supposed to know
what was gonna happen?
Like. what am I supposed to do?
There's nothing you can do.
Pippa! She's dead!
Because of you!
You ended that
fucking woman's life!
- You did that.
- Stop.
- I don't even know you anymore.
- Please just stop.
We're done.
It's over.
(sobbing):
Thomas!
(door opens. closes)
PIPPA: Hi. Uh. it's Pippa
from L'optique.
Yeah. your glasses came in.
- Open till 6:00. Mm-hmm.
- (hangs up phone)
(dialing)
(line rings)
JULIA (recorded):
Hi. You haven't reached Julia.
but if you're feeling quaint.
please leave a voice mail.
- Beep.
- (phone beeps)
Uh. hi. uh. Julia.
It's-it's... it's Pippa.
the ophthalmologist.
Um...
I just... I wanted
to let you know...
Well. I wanted to let
you know... (sniffles)
...uh. y-your glasses are ready.
Uh. you... (sighs)
(crying):
I'm-I'm really sorry.
I'm so sorry. I didn't know.
If I would have known.
I would have never done that.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know why...
I don't know why that happened.
I'm... I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
♪ ♪
("Glory Box" by Portishead
playing)
♪ I'm so tired of playing ♪
♪ Playing with
this bow and arrow ♪
♪ Gonna give my heart away ♪
♪ Leave it to
the other girls to play ♪
♪ For I've been
a temptress too long ♪
♪ Just ♪
♪ Give me a reason to love you ♪
♪ Give me a reason to be ♪
♪ A woman ♪
♪ I just wanna be a woman ♪
♪ From this time. unchained... ♪
SEB:
Do I know you?
PIPPA:
Uh. I-I...
I don't think you do.
SEB:
You've got a familiar face.
Pretty eyes.
Thanks.
What would you like?
Uh. vodka tonic.
s'il vous plaît.
No. It's not the kind of place
you order a vodka tonic.
Deux penicillin. Merci.
♪ Give me a reason
to love you... ♪
You don't mind
if I sit here. do you?
I'll move when
your Tinder hookup arrives.
(scoffs softly)
No. I-I don't mind.
So. stranger.
I'm trying to work
something out.
Can I ask you a question?
Um...
Yeah. sure.
It's a personal question.
♪ So don't you stop... ♪
Do you watch pornography?
Um... (chuckles)
- E-Excuse me?
- Porn.
Do you watch it?
Uh. not frequently. No.
But on occasion?
- Maybe.
- Right.
Most people watch porn
all the time.
Husbands. wives.
girlfriends. boyfriends.
lovers. moms. dads.
pets. everyone.
Everyone watches porn.
Now. I bet you there's
a dozen people on this block
jerking off to porn
right this very second.
People in
very serious relationships.
And it doesn't matter. right?
Can I ask you another question?
You ever been in
a serious relationship?
Yeah.
And did your boyfriend
or girlfriend...
It's a boyfriend.
Did your boyfriend
ever masturbate?
Um... (chuckles)
- Probably.
- He did.
Did you?
Maybe.
And did this simple act change
the love you had for him?
No.
It didn't. Why is that?
I don't know.
Because it's meaningless.
Exactly. And tell me this...
What's the difference between
your vibrator and a human penis?
(chuckles) How do you know
I have a vibrator?
'Cause you're a woman.
A vibrator doesn't
have feelings.
A vibrator isn't
connected to a brain.
I would argue that most penises
aren't connected to a brain.
A vibrator isn't
connected to a soul.
Well. I don't know about you.
but I've had plenty of sex
that was just as meaningless.
if not more meaningless
than masturbation.
The only difference is
it's just more fun
having sex with a person
than it is with your hand.
Not everyone agrees with you.
(song ends)
("People. I've Been Sad" by
Christine and the Queens plays)
No. they don't.
No matter how much
you fucking love them.
(Seb exhales. sniffs)
(song continues
with singing in French)
(swallows. sighs)
Sorry. I'm just... I'm...
I'm going through
the most difficult. um.
separation of my life right now.
And. um...
I know I can be a bit blunt.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Thanks.
(sighs)
"The Ass and His Masters."
Say what?
It's a fable.
You just made me think of it.
The ass referring
to a donkey in this case.
Story goes...
This donkey. he's owned
by an herb farmer
who doesn't feed him well.
He has to work in this garden
all day long. and he's starving.
So he goes to this god Jupiter.
and he's like.
"Hey. man. can I please
get a new master?
I'm starving over here."
And Jupiter's feeling
really gracious.
so he's like.
"Sure thing. Wish granted."
And the next day. the donkey.
he is sold to a potter.
Great. Life must be
peaches and cream now. right?
Wrong. It's the worst job
a donkey could have.
He's fed well.
but now he has to carry
these super heavy bricks
to and fro all day.
So he goes to Jupiter again.
and he's like.
"Hey. Jupiter. I really need
another master. please."
Jupiter's like.
"Whoa. slow your roll. man.
I'm only gonna do this
one more time. Are you sure?"
And donkey's like.
"I got this pain in my back.
"and it won't go away.
"There's no such thing
as Advil yet.
Will you please
just do me this favor?"
So. the next day.
the donkey is sold again.
to a leather tanner
who hangs donkey.
bleeds him out. skins him
and turns him into
a pair of sandals.
Moral of the story:
He who finds discontentment
in one place
is unlikely
to find happiness in another.
You know why Aesop
wrote that fable?
I-I just said. to show that
the grass isn't greener.
No.
He wrote it for his slaves.
So when they're feeling down.
they could tell each other
that story
and make themselves feel better.
When in reality.
they were just
deeply. deeply repressed.
Would it be strange if I asked
to take your picture?
(elevator clunks. whirs)
(elevator clunks)
SEB:
Watch out for broken glass.
I had a little accident.
PIPPA:
It's a nice place.
SEB: Let's break out
the good stuff. shall we?
Scassari.
The grapes are grown under the
shadow of a volcano in Italy.
So you're a professional?
(cork pops)
Sure.
You know. my latest
exhibition opens in a few weeks.
You should come.
Uh. I'll think about it.
Would you stand there for me?
(quietly):
Yeah.
Turn to me.
Those eyes.
You sure we've never met before?
- Oh. my hair's not really...
- (camera clicking)
No. it's good.
PIPPA:
Um...
I-I don't know what I'm doing.
Just do whatever I tell you
to do. and it will be perfect.
Put your left hand
on your shoulder.
Head down.
You look so kind.
(camera clicking)
Eyes to me.
Is it okay?
It's just this... this jumper.
What's your bra look like?
(chuckles)
Subtle.
Look. I work with naked models
pretty much every day.
so I forget it's...
it's out of the ordinary.
But if you're not comfortable.
it's cool.
(sighs)
No. it's-it's... it's fine.
Um...
just. like...
- Cute.
- (Pippa chuckles softly)
Mind if I snap a few?
(chuckles softly)
Uh. let me.
- (camera clicking)
- PIPPA: Um. (chuckles)
I wasn't ready.
I tend to take my best pictures
when you least expect it.
(camera clicking)
- Now what?
- (camera clicking)
What about your underwear?
(Pippa sighs)
Turn away from me.
Okay.
You have a magnificent body.
- (chuckles)
- (camera clicking)
Thank you.
Eyes to me.
- (camera clicking)
- Chin up slightly.
That's it.
Now take off your bra.
Uh. what? (chuckles)
Okay.
I'll make it less awkward.
(laughs)
What are you doing?
What does it look like?
(chuckles)
- Nice socks.
- Thanks.
(Pippa laughs)
Your turn.
(takes deep breath)
(camera clicking)
What the fuck am I doing?
(sighs)
What's wrong?
(sighs) You just...
you know. you just...
you just remind me of someone.
That's all.
I'm so sorry.
No. it's not your fault.
♪ ♪
(breathing heavily)
Uh. s-s-stop.
Stop. stop. stop.
Um. go. go get a condom.
♪ ♪
Pippa?
Oh. that's fucking disgusting.
(groans)
Here you go. guys.
It's good for you.
(gasps. shudders)
(traffic rumbling in distance)
- (glass crunches)
- (gasps) Fuck.
(whimpers)
(door creaks)
(gasping breaths)
- ♪ ♪
- (distant siren wailing)
♪ ♪
(women crying)
(quiet chatter)
(horn honks nearby)
PIPPA:
And...
the next morning. that's...
that's when I found him.
I-I had to tell you.
I had to tell someone.
I understand if you never
want to talk to me again.
Wait.
Pippa. you think
this is your fault?
I'm the reason it all happened.
You cannot blame yourself
for this.
I caused the whole thing to...
No. no. no.
Yes. it is tragic.
It's more than tragic...
It is fucking insane...
But you had no idea
that this would happen.
I mean. you were just dumped.
And yeah. maybe you deserved it.
That part doesn't matter.
You are a single woman.
And it is common knowledge
that the fastest way
to mend a broken heart
is to do the most unhealthy.
fucked-up shit
you can possibly think of.
Yeah. okay. maybe doing it with
the depressed widower
that you're stalking
is a bit. like.
at the extreme end of that.
but it is part of the deal.
It just... it doesn't feel real.
ARI:
Hey.
You are so super fucked-up
right now.
and you better seek therapy
like tomorrow.
But you're a good person. Pippa.
Even if it doesn't
feel like that right now.
If I'm such a good person.
why do I want to see him again?
He's. like. disappeared.
I know it sounds irrational.
but if I could just see him.
maybe I could move on.
I... (sighs)
(sighs)
It's stupid. I know.
Okay.
Well. if he's not at home.
where do you think he is?
Pippa?
It's opening night.
("Patterns" by NASAYA
feat. Sara Diamond playing)
(lively chatter)
♪ How did I get here? ♪
♪ Trying to get both of my feet
back on the ground ♪
Drink?
Sure.
- ♪ What am I doing? ♪
- (camera clicking)
♪ When everyone else seems
to have it figured out... ♪
SEB:
I didn't think you'd come.
PIPPA:
I came.
This is...
really cool.
I can't wait to see the photos.
Cool.
Yeah. it's really fucking cool.
♪ Why you gotta leave me... ♪
- Are you okay?
- WOMAN: Seb.
That's my cue.
Thanks for coming.
(song fades)
ARI:
A... thanks for introducing me.
And B... like.
not what I pictured.
(crowd murmuring)
(murmuring quiets)
Now. before we begin.
I should say that
this particular project
was a collaboration.
My partner in crime on this...
the love of my life...
Julia Novatore.
So...
- I really want to go home.
- Okay.
...it seems only right that
she should be up here with me.
Everyone. Julia.
(cheering. applause)
Come on.
(crowd murmuring)
Hi. (chuckles)
This new exhibition tells
a modern fable.
It's a tragic tale
of a sweet young woman
named Pippa.
Oh. my God.
Pippa lives in
the apartment we own
across the way from our studio.
When she and her boyfriend
Thomas
first moved in together.
their future was bright.
Things were...
things were downright peachy.
Then they got
a little distracted
by the strangers across the way.
Us.
They cared more about
what was going on
in other people's lives
than they did their own.
And what started out
as a fun little hobby
turned into a bit
of an obsession.
They gate-crashed
our Halloween party
and planted a microphone
so they could secretly
listen in on our conversations.
Uh. totally illegal. by the way.
And yet. somehow.
Pippa decided that she was...
she was doing the right thing.
First. this tore them apart
emotionally.
And then...
it tore them apart forever.
- (curtain falls)
- (crowd gasping)
(crowd murmuring)
SEB:
Little did she realize.
the whole time that
they were watching us...
We were really watching them.
(murmuring continues)
- Pippa!
- (panting)
Pippa!
♪ ♪
(trembling breaths)
(sniffles. sobs)
(gasping. whimpering)
(whimpering. sobbing)
♪ ♪
(whimpering)
(camera clicks)
(screams)
(sobbing)
(footsteps)
(man speaking French)
Yep. Those are my boobs.
This is the place.
♪ ♪
(wind whistling)
SEB: This is the image
release form they signed.
It's the last page
of their lease.
Plain and simple.
Now. do I know
if they actually read it?
No.
But that's not
my responsibility.
Let me ask you this.
How many times this week
has something popped up
on your computer screen saying.
"Please agree
to the terms and conditions."
and you've just clicked yes and
not even thought twice about it?
I mean. it's something
we've grown accustomed to. no?
(journalist speaking Japanese)
TRANSLATOR: But does that
give you the right to. uh...
Oh. uh... it's tragic.
And we both feel so horrible
about it. don't we. Seb?
- Of course.
- But if anything.
it's a warning. because
it's unprecedented. really.
the access we give people
into our lives today.
It is entirely
socially acceptable...
No. socially expected...
For us to be able
to stalk people
we may or may not know
in order to get a glimpse into
that partially true version
of their lives.
Seb and I lived
a version of our life
for Pippa and Thomas to see.
Yes. we created
our own narrative
and made it available
for them to watch.
We gave them front-row seats.
And they did. (chuckles)
They tuned right in.
All we had to do was watch back.
(journalist speaking Japanese)
...Berlin. Copenhagen...
(continues in Japanese)
TRANSLATOR: So. uh.
in addition to premiering
- internationally in Tokyo...
- Everywhere.
We've sold it everywhere.
It's a rousing success.
We're now the toast of the
art community. and guess what...
We made a disgusting amount
of money in the process.
Now. do you have anything
actually interesting to ask us?
(deep. trembling breaths)
JULIA: How many times
can someone be congratulated?
Oh. your favorite.
"Scass-er-y."
Scassari.
Who sent it?
Um...
"So thrilled to be featuring
The Voyeurs
in our upcoming season."
The Tate.
Oh. that's great.
(paper towel tears)
Baby.
You have to get over this.
Don't you ever feel guilty?
No.
(printer whirring)
♪ ♪
Up there.
What is she doing?
SEB:
She's fucking lost it.
JULIA: What do you think
you know. Pippa?
(panting)
Pippa!
We just want to talk to you.
(excited chatter nearby)
- Hey!
- (indistinct chatter)
(panting)
♪ ♪
(elevator bell dings)
(Pippa gasping)
Please.
Is all this really
necessary. Pippa?
Just... just leave me alone.
SEB: What is it that
you think you know?
I-I don't... I don't...
I don't know.
These are some
pretty serious accusations.
They must have come
from somewhere.
(trembling breaths)
Stop fucking us around.
PIPPA:
When I... when I watched you.
I believed every moment.
Even though none of it was real.
But when Thomas died.
it didn't feel true.
but he's still gone.
He would've never done that.
And I don't know for sure.
but I think you drugged him.
(grunts)
And then you made it look
like he did it himself.
JULIA: That is a hell
of a theory. Pippa.
Do you have any proof?
No.
Then what are we all doing here?
You manipulated me.
You seduced me.
You exposed me.
And you think you could
hurt me again. but you can't.
Because I have nothing left.
So I just need to know
this one last thing.
and then you'll never
see me again.
How could you do this?
We. uh... we didn't.
JULIA:
It was you who told me...
It's like when you're
so obsessed with something
that you forget to pick your
head up. look around and go.
"Oh. wait.
What am I even doing?"
But you're too far down the...
(breath trembling)
(gulps)
You're too fa...
Seb.
- SEB: What's...
- (Julia whimpers)
SEB:
Julia.
Hey.
Hey. talk to me.
What's wrong?
What's wrong. baby?
Come on. Come on.
Baby. what...
What did you do?
(chuckles softly)
You weigh a little bit more.
so it might take a minute
to kick in.
What the fuck did you do?
That wine was
a little gift from me.
(breathing heavily)
Look at me. Look at me!
Take one final look.
'Cause it's the last thing
you're ever gonna see.
(device whirring)
(high-pitched whirring)
(beeping)
(rapid beeping)
(whirring)
(sizzling)
MAN:
Our first breakfast.
Not a bad view.
You can really see in.
Are you creeping
on our neighbors?
Look at those two.
What are they doing?
Where?
Honey. right there.
I really got to get
my eyes checked.
Mind your own business.
("Eyes Without a Face"
by Angel Olsen playing)
♪ I'm all out of hope ♪
♪ One more bad dream ♪
♪ Could bring a fall ♪
♪ When I'm far from home ♪
♪ Don't call me on the phone ♪
♪ To tell me you're alone ♪
♪ It's easy to deceive ♪
♪ It's easy to tease ♪
♪ But hard to get release ♪
♪ Les yeux sans visage ♪
♪ Eyes without a face ♪
♪ Got no human grace ♪
♪ You're eyes without a face ♪
♪ I spend so much time ♪
♪ Believing all the lies ♪
♪ To keep the dream alive ♪
♪ Oh. now it makes me sad ♪
♪ It makes me mad at truth ♪
♪ For loving what was you ♪
♪ Les yeux sans visage ♪
♪ Eyes without a face ♪
♪ You're eyes without a face ♪
♪ Got no human grace ♪
♪ So I answered the phone
and said ♪
♪ "I'm sorry I never got back
to you after you left that day ♪
♪ I guess I was...
I was really..." ♪
♪ Don't tell me you're alone ♪
♪ Don't call me
on the phone ♪
♪ Don't tell me you're alone ♪
♪ Don't tell me
you're alone ♪
♪ Don't tell me you're alone ♪
♪ Don't tell me
you're alone ♪
♪ Don't call me on the phone ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ So now I close my eyes ♪
♪ And I wonder why ♪
♪ I don't despise ♪
♪ Now all that I can do ♪
♪ Is love what was once ♪
♪ So alive and new ♪
♪ But it's gone from your eyes ♪
♪ I'd better realize ♪
♪ Les yeux sans visage ♪
♪ Eyes without a face ♪
♪ Got no human grace ♪
♪ You're eyes without a face ♪
♪ Such a human waste ♪
♪ You're eyes without a face. ♪
(song ends)
♪ ♪
(music fades)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today